>A _single-static-import declaration_ imports all accessible `static` members with a given simple name from a class or interface. This makes these `static` members available under their simple name in the module, class, and interface declarations of the compilation unit in which the single-static-import declaration appears.

The _TypeName_ must be the canonical name of a class or interface.

The class or interface must be either a member of a named package, or a member of a class or interface whose outermost lexically enclosing class or interface declaration is a member of a named package, or a compile-time error occurs.

It is a compile-time error if the named class or interface is not accessible.

The _Identifier_ must name at least one `static` member of the named class or interface. It is a compile-time error if there is no `static` member of that name, or if all of the named members are not accessible.

It is permissible for one single-static-import declaration to import several fields, classes, or interfaces with the same name, or several methods with the same name and signature. This occurs when the named class or interface inherits multiple fields, member classes, member interfaces, or methods, all with the same name, from its own supertypes.

If two single-static-import declarations in the same compilation unit attempt to import classes or interface with the same simple name, then a compile-time error occurs, unless the two classes or interfaces are the same, in which case the duplicate declaration is ignored.

If a single-static-import declaration imports a class or interface whose simple name is `x`, and the compilation unit also declares a top level class or interface whose simple name is `x`, a compile-time error occurs.

If a compilation unit contains both a single-static-import declaration that imports a class or interface whose simple name is `x`, and a single-type-import declaration that imports a class or interface whose simple name is `x`, a compile-time error occurs, unless the two classes or interfaces are the same, in which case the duplicate declaration is ignored.