An _enum declaration_ specifies a new _enum class_, a restricted kind of class that defines a small set of named class instances.
```
EnumDeclaration:
{ClassModifier} enum TypeIdentifier [ClassImplements] EnumBody
```
An enum declaration may specify a top level enum class, a member enum class, or a local enum class.
The _TypeIdentifier_ in an enum declaration specifies the name of the enum class.
It is a compile-time error if an enum declaration has the modifier `abstract`, `final`, `sealed`, or `non-sealed`.

An enum class is either implicitly `final` or implicitly `sealed`, as follows:
- An enum class is implicitly `final` if its declaration contains no enum constants that have a class body.
- An enum class E is implicitly `sealed` if its declaration contains at least one enum constant that has a class body. The permitted direct subclasses of E are the anonymous classes implicitly declared by the enum constants that have a class body.

A nested enum class is implicitly `static`. That is, every member enum class and local enum class is `static`. It is permitted for the declaration of a member enum class to redundantly specify the `static` modifier, but it is not permitted for the declaration of a local enum class.

It is a compile-time error if the same keyword appears more than once as a modifier for an enum declaration, or if an enum declaration has more than one of the access modifiers `public`, `protected`, and `private`.

The direct superclass type of an enum class E is `Enum<E>`.

An enum declaration does not have an `extends` clause, so it is not possible to explicitly declare a direct superclass type, even `Enum<E>`.

An enum class has no instances other than those defined by its enum constants. It is a compile-time error to attempt to explicitly instantiate an enum class.