The body of an enum declaration may contain _enum constants_. An enum constant defines an instance of the enum class.
```
EnumBody:
    { [EnumConstantList] [,] [EnumBodyDeclarations] }

EnumConstantList:
    EnumConstant {, EnumConstant}

EnumConstant:
    {EnumConstantModifier} Identifier [( [ArgumentList] )] [ClassBody]

EnumConstantModifier:
    Annotation
```

The _Identifier_ in an _EnumConstant_ provides the name of an implicit field of the enum class that can be used to refer to the enum constant.

An enum constant may be followed by arguments, which are passed to the constructor of the enum when the constant is created during class initialization as described later in this section. The constructor to be invoked is chosen using the normal rules of overload resolution. If the arguments are omitted, an empty argument list is assumed.

The optional class body of an enum constant implicitly declares an anonymous class that is a direct subclass of the immediately enclosing enum class , and is `final`. The class body is governed by the usual rules of anonymous classes; in particular it cannot contain any constructors. Instance methods declared in these class bodies may be invoked outside the enclosing enum class only if they override accessible methods in the enclosing enum class.

It is a compile-time error for the class body of an enum constant to declare an `abstract` method.

Because there is only one instance of each enum constant, it is permitted to use the `==` operator in place of the `equals` method when comparing two object references if it is known that at least one of them refers to an enum constant.

The `equals` method in `Enum` is a `final` method that merely invokes `super.equals` on its argument and returns the result, thus performing an identity comparison.